## Entering Full-Screen Mode
After starting the Docker image, you can change your web browser to full-screen mode, so that the LXDE desktop environment would occupy the whole screen.

For the best cross-platform solution, we recommend *Google Chrome* or *Chromium browser*, which have the same user interface. On Windows or Linux, you can enter full-screen mode by selecting the menu `View --> "Full Screen"` Alternatively, open the Chrome menu (the three vertical dots at the top right) and select the square to the far right of the Zoom buttons (the "+" and "-" buttons). To exit the full-screen mode, press the `F11` key. On Mac, it behaves similarly except that the menu item is named `Enter Full Screen` instead of `Full Screen`, and the keyboard shortcut is `Ctrl-Cmd-f` instead of `F11`. You can also click on the green circle at the top-left corner of *Google Chrome* to enter and exit the full-screen mode. Note that in the full-screen mode, you need to disable `Always Show Toolbar in Full Screen` under the `View` menu of `Google Chrome`, and you can reveal the menu and the toolbar by sliding your mouse to the top of the display.

Alternatively, you can also use the "native" browsers on different platforms.
- On Windows, you can use the native browser *Microsoft Edge*. Toggle on and off the full-screen mode by pressing Win+Shift+Enter (hold down the Windows and Shift keys and press Enter).
- On Mac, you can use the native browser *Safari*, for which you can toggle the full-screen mode by clicking on the green circle at the top-left corner of *Safari* or selecting the `View --> "Enter Full Screen"` menu. To exit the full-screen mode, press `Ctrl-Cmd-f`, or slide your mouse to the top of the display to enable the menus.
- On Linux, the default browser *Firefox* does not hide its address bar in its native full-screen mode. You are recommended to use *Google Chrome* or *Chromium browser* instead. However, you can use *Firefox* for a full-screen viewing mode by clicking on the `Fullscreen` button in the left sidebar of Docker desktop environment. However, this is not recommended for day-to-day use, because *Firefox* would exit this full-screen mode whenever you press `Esc`, which may happen quite often.

If your Docker desktop environment started automatically in a non-recommended browser, you can copy and paste the URL into a recommended browser.
